What is a guy who's in Malcolm X now in this video we're going to be working up in the permalink.
And then we're going to move forward with our blog settings.
OK.
And our more setting so let's just go ahead and let's open up any of the post from the blog.
If I just open up this post and you can see that it it doesn't 18 slash 1 slash 12 and then the title
of the Borst which I do not like and I would highly recommend you to change that.
I want it to be the simpler like it should be like this.
If I just cross it and I just poke at this then you can see it takes me directly here.
And this is the link that is coming.
I don't want this how I'm going to prevent this to happen.
So for that I have to go to the dashboard OK.
And then I have to go to settings and then I have to go to Permalink.
So this is the number one step that you have to do.
And you can see that it sees common settings.
So for the post a link it will appear like the name.
This this this and then it will show the post.
So if you just choose to be like plain then it's going to show the post ID it would be like month and
name that it's going to add the month.
That's an the name.
If he had it to be like numeric then it's going to be like this if you had it to be like post-game then
it will be the simpler that I want and I would highly recommend you check this whether you like it or
not because this is good for the purposes as well.
OK.
You'll understand that as he played her on what is it and why is it necessary.
But let's just go ahead.
Let's just select this and let's save the changes.
And now when we will go to our Web site you will see how this is like.
So if I just go to the blog and then I open this up you can see this is simple and simple just looks
amazing.
OK.
Because I don't know but I am attracted to this.
There's the simple Eurail.
OK.
So you can see that we are done middlings and knowledge work the settings of our reps say.
So I'm going to go to the dashboard right now and any Here we have these these these and these so you
guys know about the media.
So in the media lab Rudi is going to show all the images that you have added to your post so you can
see that we add just one single image and that is our.
And like a thief image when we were telling.
So that is why it is here so I don't know if I have to tell you about it.
We have the comments and then we have the plug in that appearance which we will learn about more later.
And then we have the users which we will learn more.
The tools is not really much useful to our website.
OK.
Because I'm in here it just worked like import and export.
When you want to migrate Web site or something like that so it cannot but it does understand.
But it is explained in this course.
So I'm not just explaining it to you right now.
Let's just quickly go ahead and let's just over if you are sitting so in the general time you can basically
manage the general settings to your say it like the site title The tag line the owl and everything.
And this membership's So we will be working up with this membership's later on.
So I don't have to explain you this.
I mean we will be working with our projects then we will understand about this membership.
How does membership looks and how you can manage that.
So then we have this and everything so we can work with the date format the site language and the time
format as well.
And the Veeck starts on Monday so you can select that venue or start the next step we have here is the
right thing so it's going to be like the default post category.
So when we just want to add a new post.
OK let's suppose if you want to add this.
OK.
And now here you can see that the default post category would be set to news.
If I just add it like hello world and I just paste the link here.
The dummy text and then I VIDOT selecting any category.
I just go ahead and I just publish it.
OK.
And then you can see that the default post category would be selected as news sent like this.
It is applied to the default post format.
We will be working up to the format later on when we will build a professional blog.
Don't get yourself confused with the format right now.
Just leave it.
We'll just leave it as it is and let me have the post via email.
So post-White email is not recommended by me.
This happens like when you want to post anything with the email and it is recommended by most of the
blogs and most of the people that you should not be using that because when you can log in easily to
your WordPress website and post anything then you have to do it so you can just work it out if you want
to but this is not recommended.
OK and then we have the reading settings so in the readings are things you can see that here we have
the main settings so we have worked with this already.
That is why I don't have to explain this.
But now if I just select to be like your home page displays latest post then you will see that my home
page will be actually the blog page and will display all the latest polls like this.
OK so this is how it works.
OK and now we have the blog pages show at most 10.
Post what this means that this page is going to show the 10 posts only and after that it's going to
show the view more or something like that but the page nation like it was with the Apple Dotcom's so
I pulled dot com slash NEWSROOM and now here you can see that we go down down down down.
They can see it says this view more so it is showing a number of posts here and then it shows the view
more.
If someone clicks here then he is redirected down and that person can then just again click here.
So this is outrageous.
OK so now I can just choose to be like Plock pages show at most to boast.
And I just go ahead and I just said Save changes and I'm mean come here and I'm going to refresh.
Now here we can see how this is looking.
So we have this hello world.
I have another post and then we have this.
I'm just going to click here and that's going to take me to the page 2 and then I have this.
So this is how it's looking.
OK now here if I just select it like this to be like 10 I want it to be like normal.
OK and then let's go ahead and let's just hit this and let's refresh so I can see that it will show
all the posts here only to 10.
But Meeson's since we don't have 10 that is why this is not showing the nation right here.
So this is how it works.
OK.
And now we have this one syndication feed and this for each article in a feed which is not much recommended
or it is not useful.
So we'll be doing that and upcoming videos and we'll work actually.
I'll tell you about this.
So just leave it as it is and you can see that we're also done with this so now we have this discussion
and then we have the media and the permalink permanent you guys already know and this media you will
know right now and for the discussion I will create a new specific video so because discussion is the
comments.
OK.
And then the next video will just understand and BODEY comments and then the discussion and then we'll
move forward.
So in the media section you can just worry that the Tufnel size and the medium size and the large size.
OK.
So like if you add any media.
And then here we just add up to be like three sizes like it should be like a medium sized medium sized
pixel would be like 300 by 300 and large size would be like 1 0 2 4 5 and 0 2 4.
So this is called the large size this is called the medium size.
And this is called the thumbnail size scrub thumbnail to exact dimensions.
This is selected as well.
So now here it says you guys must have understanding this if you have not then you will understand this
later on and you will be working up to their e-commerce site and we will work more into the customization
then you will understand it.
So just keep it as the overview.
This one is like I'm organized my uploads into month an error based folder.
What is this.
I'm going to open up the picture OK.
This is a picture that I have.
I just track this.
OK let me just open it up and I just drag this OK.
I'm going to copy the URL of this picture.
OK.
And I just come here and I just paste it right here.
Then you can see that my picture is organized in month and either based folder which is selected if
I don't want this if I just be like I don't like it.
I just want it to be like Slash shiploads.
And then this then I'll just seem like I'm here I'll just sit like this and I'm going to go ahead and
I'm going to had saved changes.
That's all I have to do.
And when I vill add new images it will not be organized so I want to add any image.
Let's suppose then I want to add this image.
OK.
So this is the image that I have added.
Ok this will be uploaded right now.
And this is the image that is coming if I just open it up and I just grabbed the link and then I just
come here and I just paste it.
Then he can see that this is like a slash shiploads.
See the blue Peasey slash the image name.
And then it just looking.
So this is how it works guys and it works seriously and really amazing.
So I can see that we are totally done with these settings.
OK these were so easy.
And now you can see that you have understanded everything.
So in the next video we'll be working on for the comments and then really working up the discussion
in the next video so stadium guys and up about.